By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you. You should ensure that you read the instructions carefully before installing or using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Kitwit Creative Learning Private Limited.


1. WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the Class s App and it does not apply to any other applications or subscription services that you may access through the App, including but not limited to applications and subscription services accessed via advertisements or connections to third-party content, each of which may utilize data collection, storage, and /or practices and policies that differ considerably from this Privacy Policy.

You shall be responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you present to us. Incorrect information will affect your use of the App and of the Subscription Services, as well as our ability to contact you using the contact methods described in this Privacy Policy.

Kitwit Creative Learning Private Limited is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and as efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without very clear prior intimation to you about the payment policy. We will not charge for anything without your consent.

2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY

When you download or use our App, we may automatically collect certain information about your use of and your computer’s (or other access device, such as a smartphone) interaction with the App or Subscription Service (“Device Information”). 

A. What Information is Collected?

We may automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Apps or use our Subscription Service: (1)         IP address; (2) Device ID; (3) The type of Internet browser or mobile device used; (4) The operating system of your computer or mobile device;and (5) other similar technical information. Device Information we collect automatically will not be linked with any personal information that you provide to us. Personal information includes the following categories of information you provide to us: (1) Identification information such as Phone number, Email address; (2) Content you upload on the app such as text, images, video; 
The Class s app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features. Such activity might result in malfunctioning of the app.

B. How are Cookies Used?

Cookies are small computer files that are transferred to your hard disc and which contain information such as your user name and the activities that you performed while using the App. We utilize cookies to personalize your experience with the App, as well as to store your login information so that you do not need to re-enter it each time you visit the App or access the Subscription Services.

We do not connect the information stored in the cookies to any of your personal information. Some of our partners also use cookies to provide us with anonymous global data and information regarding our users. We do not have access to or control over these cookies, and our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies.

Links to Terms and Conditions of third party service providers used by the app:
*   [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)
*   [Google Firebase Services](https://firebase.google.com/terms)
*   Expo libraries(https://expo.io/terms)
*   react-native-image-zoom-viewer (https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-image-zoom-viewer)


3. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US

A. Registration

In order for you to use our App, we may require that you provide your email address  or phone number information that directly identifies you (“Personal Information”).

We shall use the Personal Information you provide to respond to your questions and to send you messages about the App, as well as for service maintenance and updates.

A. Using the App 
In addition to the Personal Information noted above for registration and sign up purposes, you may provide Personal Information to us while using the App. This information includes documents, images, access to gallery, video content. If you choose to submit a support inquiry, you may have the option of providing Personal Information such as your payment information.

4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may use your Personal Information to send you information about the App, and to contact you when necessary, including an email or phone message to verify your account or subscription.

We may use your Device Information to personalize and adapt your experience with the App and the Subscription Services, and in our communications with you in order to exhibit content that we believe you may be interested in and which may be consistent with your preferences.

5. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others, and will not do so except as required by law or in connection with a merger, asset sale or similar business transaction. We may share aggregated demographic or non-personal information not linked to any personal information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, company affiliates and advertisers. We  use third-party service providers (as set out below) to help us operate our business and the Class s App or administer activities on our behalf. We do not use analytics software to collect and send device data to third parties.

Group companies
We may share your information with our affiliate companies in order to provide you with the Class s app and to help better tailor our services to you.

Service provider
We may also engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of the Class s App, some of whom may process personal information. Each of these third parties is contractually obliged to protect the security of any information we share with them, and limited in their use of the information to the services being provided solely to Class s App:

Apple: Your iOS identifier is shared with Apple in connection with performance of network communications.
Google Android: Your Android input method editor is shared with Google Android in connection with performance of network communications.
Internet service provider (ISPs): Your IP address is shared with ISPs to ensure legal or regulatory compliance.

6. LAWFUL BASES FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION

It is necessary for a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your individual privacy interests), such as preventing fraud, improving the App, and increasing the security of the App and network infrastructure;
You have consented to this collection and processing for a specific purpose;
It is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations; or
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we rely on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us using the information in the Contacts for Individual Rights Requests section.  Some examples of our legitimate interests and the information being processed include:

Network and information security (password, IP address, Device ID)
Customer Support and fraud prevention (name, email address)
Improving our products and services (hardware information, activity logs)
Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your Personal Information, you have the right to object.  More information on exercising this right can be found in the Individual Rights section below.

7. INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS

We make certain choices available to you when it comes to your Personal Information and any Device Information that can identify you (“Personal Data”).  Please review the below information outlining your choices and how to exercise them.  

Review and update your data: You have the right to ask us to update any Personal Data that we have collected. If you want to change your account’s email address, we will take appropriate measures to adapt your account information and ensure your access to the App using the new email address or mobile number and delete your former email address or mobile number from our database. For any Personal Data beyond this, please submit a request using the contact information at the end of this section.  We may request more information to confirm your identity before modifying any Personal Data.

Delete your data: You also have the right to have your Personal Data deleted. This is sometimes known as the ‘right to be forgotten’.  To request that we delete all Personal Data about you, please submit a request using the contact information at the end of this section.  We may request more information to confirm your identity before deleting any Personal Data.

After you delete your Personal Data from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not immediately remove data from our backup systems for archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.  We may also decline to honor this request in certain specific situations, such as if the data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or to exercise/defend a legal claim.

Restrict Processing: You have the right to restrict how we process your Personal Data in certain circumstances.  This is often an alternative to requesting the complete deletion of your data.  Rather than requesting we delete all of your Personal Data, you may request that we limit our uses of your Personal Data to specific purposes.  You may wish to request we restrict our processing if you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data and we are working to verify this information, or if you want us to retain your Personal Data in connection to a legal claim but cease processing it.  


8. SECURITY

The Personal Information that we collect about you is stored on a secure, password-protected server. Only authorized personnel have access to your Personal Information. We use cryptography technology that is standard in the industry when receiving and transferring Personal Information. However, despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet or cellular phone network, nor any other method of data storage, can be guaranteed to be safe 100% of the time.

You should be aware that there are certain things that Kitwit Creative Learning Private Limited will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider. But Kitwit Creative Learning Private Limited cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, or you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

With respect to Kitwit Creative Learning Private Limited’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that the app is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Kitwit Creative Learning Private Limited accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

9. DATA RETENTION

We may retain your data for the following purposes:

To develop new features and improve the App and Subscription Services;
To support subsequent customer service inquiries;
To improve the safety and security of the App and Subscription Services; or
Comply with our legal obligations.
We will retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary in relation to the purposes for which this data was collected.  In many instances, we will retain your data while it is necessary for your use of the App and Subscription Services, which may include maintaining this information beyond when you cease using the App and Subscription Services.

10. CONTENT

All Content within the app is generated by our Partner Schools. Partner Schools bear sole responsibility for the content they provide. However, we review the content before it is pushed into the application. This is to ensure that the content on our app is appropriate for children.

Class s app merely acts as a medium to make the content available and accessible to our users. All the personal information such as phone number, images, text, videos submitted by you will be accessed by our Partner Schools. 


11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY CONTRACT

We reserve the right to alter this Privacy Policy at any moment and at our sole discretion. In the event of any changes to this Privacy Policy, we shall publish an altered agreement in the App that will inform you of these changes We will obtain prior parental consent if any changes we make to this Policy affect users under the age of 16 in a way that requires such consent under Indian law.

The use of the information we collect is always subject to the Privacy Policy that is in effect when this information is collected.

12. CONTACT US

Please use the below information to contact us or make a request.  Please do not submit requests across multiple communications channels.  We will make all efforts to respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 

Email: contact@kitwit.in

Physical Mail:
1-3-⅛, Street no.2,
Kavadiguda,
Hyderabad - 500080,
Telangana,
India

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2020-07-05


